error tracking mcp article (#16773)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/agents-closed-4063-errors.md

---
date: "2026-05-07"
title: "4,063 errors closed without a human opening PostHog – here's what we learned"
featuredImage: https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Template_cover_14_0da4d45933.jpg
author:
  - sara-miteva
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
category: Engineering
tags:
  - AI
  - Error tracking
  - Engineering
---

> Last month, AI agents in PostHog projects did 6,124 things to your error backlog. They resolved 4,063 issues. They suppressed 1,751 more. They routed 310 to the right team. And almost none of those agents opened the PostHog UI to do it.

Reviewer: > to your error backlog

really small nit - but for a user not using AI agents in their project, it comes across like maybe we've done something for them? 🤔

> Last month, AI agents in PostHog projects did 6,124 things to our users' error backlog. They resolved 4,063 issues. They suppressed 1,751 more. They routed 310 to the right team. And almost none of those agents opened the PostHog UI to do it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Last month, our customers deployed AI agents to PostHog projects to try and solve 6,124 errors in their products. They resolved 4,063 issues. They suppressed 1,751 more. They routed 310 to the right team. Almost none of those agents opened the PostHog UI to do it.
```

We were obviously interested to find out what types of problems users were addressing with the MCP.

Here's what we found.

## Agents do three different jobs in your error backlog

> We grouped 30 days of MCP-driven error triage actions, and they sorted cleanly into three buckets:

Reviewer: not sure if we want to emphasize this, but "finding"/going through the issues is also part of triage (and an important one), though I think there's the 'smaller, sharper tools' point about it below

**Resolve a.k.a. "We fixed it."** This is the headline number. Over 4,000 issues were marked as done by an agent after either generating a fix, confirming a fix had shipped, or tracing the root cause and concluding the issue had already self-resolved.

**Suppress a.k.a. "Stop showing me this."** About 1,750 issues marked as known noise – third-party SDK warnings, expected exceptions, the canonical browser garbage you've seen a thousand times (`Script error.`, `ResizeObserver loop completed...`, `Object Not Found Matching Id`). Agents are quietly maintaining the noise filter you keep meaning to maintain yourself.

**Route a.k.a. "Wrong owner."** Over 300 issues reassigned to a different person or team – sometimes alongside a freshly-created Linear ticket so the new owner has a place to track the work.

> Three different outcomes, three different reasons to invoke the tool. The "agent does triage" framing is too coarse; what actually happens is more like "the agent does whatever needs to be done and then marks the issue accordingly."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Three different outcomes, three different reasons users invoked the tool. The "agent does triage" framing is too coarse; what actually happens is more like "the agent does whatever needs to be done and then marks the issue accordingly."
```

I'm not sure I fully follow this. Why is the triage framing too coarse?

## What we learned

A few things stood out from watching agent-driven triage in the wild.

### Smaller, sharper tools win

> When we first shipped MCP support for error tracking, `error-tracking-query-issue` was one combined endpoint covering several jobs at once. Watching agents in practice, we kept seeing them want those jobs separately. In late April we split the tool into three – `issues-list`, `issue`, and `issue-events`. Bulk-triage flows got noticeably smoother right after.

Reviewer 2: Maybe nice to have a graphic here to show a trend?

Here are some fun facts too: 

![error tracking mcp fun facts](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Error_tracking_MCP_2_dcbe07ee76.png)

## The kinds of errors agents handle best

There are four categories where MCP-driven triage really earns its keep.

### Frontend noise that everyone has and nobody cleans up

Browser quirks, deprecated SDK warnings, third-party tracker exceptions. The "we know about it, it doesn't matter" pile that grows until your dashboard becomes unreadable. Try:

> "Suppress any errors matching `Script error.`, `ResizeObserver loop completed`, or `Object Not Found Matching Id` from the last 90 days."

### Business-area errors that need routing

`TypeError` in your checkout flow, `ChunkLoadError` after a deploy, payment webhook failures. Group by route or service and reassign to the team that owns the surface. Try:

> "Group every error on `/checkout` from the last week by exception type, and assign each group to the team that owns the relevant service."

### Platform-specific crashes

iOS, Android, server-side errors that only some teammates can investigate. Try:

> > "Reassign every iOS crash from the last release to the mobile team, and create a Linear ticket linking back to the PostHog issue."

Reviewer 2: Some of these feel like we could make them actionable by giving a button to run them in PostHog AI. Or put them on codeblocks for copying to Claude. 

Just a thought, in case you see a quick way to do this.

Here are some fun facts too: 

![error tracking mcp fun facts](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Error_tracking_MCP_2_dcbe07ee76.png)

## The kinds of errors agents handle best

There are four categories where MCP-driven triage really earns its keep.

### Frontend noise that everyone has and nobody cleans up

Browser quirks, deprecated SDK warnings, third-party tracker exceptions. The "we know about it, it doesn't matter" pile that grows until your dashboard becomes unreadable. Try:

> "Suppress any errors matching `Script error.`, `ResizeObserver loop completed`, or `Object Not Found Matching Id` from the last 90 days."

### Network and auth errors that need filtering, not fixing

`Failed to fetch`, `AuthRetryableFetchError`, timeout exceptions – usually transient, often best handled by suppression combined with alerting on real spikes. Try:

> > "Create a suppression rule for `Failed to fetch` errors from `api.thirdparty.com`, but keep me alerted if the rate exceeds 100 per hour."

Reviewer 3: It is not possible to create such rule right now. A rule such that it disables suppression if X
